docs: provide hardware recommendations for reference architectures (#12534)
coder/coder: docs/admin/architectures/1k-users.md

# Reference Architecture: up to 1,000 users

The 1,000 users architecture is designed to cover a wide range of workflows.
Examples of subjects that might utilize this architecture include medium-sized
tech startups, educational units, or small to mid-sized enterprises.

**Target load**: API: up to 180 RPS

**High Availability**: non-essential for small deployments

## Hardware recommendations

### Coderd nodes

| Users       | Node capacity       | Replicas | GCP             | AWS        | Azure             |
| ----------- | ------------------- | -------- | --------------- | ---------- | ----------------- |
| Up to 1,000 | 2 vCPU, 8 GB memory | 2        | `n1-standard-2` | `t3.large` | `Standard_D2s_v3` |

**Footnotes**:

- For small deployments (ca. 100 users, 10 concurrent workspace builds), it is
  acceptable to deploy provisioners on `coderd` nodes.

### Provisioner nodes

| Users       | Node capacity        | Replicas                 | GCP              | AWS          | Azure             |
| ----------- | -------------------- | ------------------------ | ---------------- | ------------ | ----------------- |

> | Up to 1,000 | 8 vCPU, 32 GB memory | 2 / 30 provisioners each | `t2d-standard-8` | `t3.2xlarge` | `Standard_D8s_v3` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Up to 1,000 | 8 vCPU, 32 GB memory | 2 nodes / 30 provisioners each | `t2d-standard-8` | `t3.2xlarge` | `Standard_D8s_v3` |
```

**Footnotes**:

- An external provisioner is deployed as Kubernetes pod.

### Workspace nodes

| Users       | Node capacity        | Replicas                | GCP              | AWS          | Azure             |
| ----------- | -------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------- | ------------ | ----------------- |
| Up to 1,000 | 8 vCPU, 32 GB memory | 64 / 16 workspaces each | `t2d-standard-8` | `t3.2xlarge` | `Standard_D8s_v3` |

**Footnotes**:

> - Assumed that a workspace user needs 2 GB memory to perform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assumed that a workspace user needs at minimum 2 GB memory. We recommend against over-provisioning memory for developer workloads, as this my lead to OOMKiller invocations.
```

Reviewer 2: Should we say _at most_ instead? If we exceed 2 GB/workspace, aren't we overprovisioning?

Reviewer: I'm assuming that the 2GB here refers to the resources used by the workspace?
I can think of plenty of developer use-cases that need more than 2GB of RAM.

Author: I assumed that 2 GB is used here as an example. For people using `vim` or shared web hosting this would be great :)

> - Maximum number of Kubernetes workspace pods per node: 256

Reviewer: I think this is dependant on your Kubernetes provider. Normally the default is 110 pods per node but GKE allows you to increase it to 256. I'm not sure what the maximum is for other providers.

Author: I'm quite confident I saw it somewhere in our docs. Maybe just remove this statement?

Reviewer: I think you can leave it as an assumption here.
